Port MASTG-TEST-0032: Testing WebView Protocol Handlers (android) (#3177)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: best-practices/MASTG-BEST-0010.md

Developers often hesitate to increase `minSdkVersion` because they want their app to be available on as many devices as possible. Even though Google doesn't enforce a specific `minSdkVersion`, [as they do with the `targetSdkVersion`](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/11926878), it's crucial to understand the implications of setting a low `minSdkVersion`, as it **directly impacts security**, **exposes users to vulnerabilities**, and **prevents the app from leveraging critical security protections**.

## Clarifying the Difference: `targetSdkVersion` vs `minSdkVersion`

- `targetSdkVersion`: Defines the highest API level the app is _designed_ to run on. The app _can_ run on lower API levels, but it won’t necessarily take advantage of all new security enforcements.
- `minSdkVersion`: Defines the lowest API level the app is _allowed_ to run on. This is crucial because many security features are only available on devices running a certain API level or higher. If you set a low `minSdkVersion`, your app **completely misses out on these protections** on older devices.
  

> Even if you set a high `targetSdkVersion`, the app can still run on older devices **without** the latest security improvements. If you set `targetSdkVersion=33` (Android 13) but `minSdkVersion=21` (Android 5), the app can still be installed on Android 5 devices, **which lack years of critical security updates**. Malware on older devices can exploit missing security features **that your app assumes are available**.

Author: ```suggestion
Even if you set a high `targetSdkVersion`, the app can still run on older devices **without** the latest security improvements. If you set `targetSdkVersion=33` (Android 13) but `minSdkVersion=21` (Android 5), the app can still be installed on Android 5 devices, **which lack years of critical security updates**. Malware on these older devices can exploit missing security features that app-level code alone cannot address, as evidenced by vulnerabilities listed in the [Android Security Bulletins](https://source.android.com/docs/security/bulletin).
```
